[DOC]: Add docstring example to the contributing docs (#2254)
pvlib/pvlib-python: docs/sphinx/source/contributing/style_guide.rst

includes a ``make.bat`` batch file that emulates its interface.

.. _example-docstring:

Example Docstring
-----------------

> Here is a template for a function docstring that tries to encapsulate all
> the features that may be used in any docstring. This is a template, so
> not all sections are required for every function, but is a good starting point.

Reviewer: This sounds more concise, but is just a suggestion
```suggestion
Here is a template for a function docstring that encapsulates the main
features that may be used in any docstring. Note that not all sections are
required for every function.
```

.. code-block:: python

    def example_function(poa_global, exponents, degree_symbol,
                        default_arg='someval', optional_arg=None):
        r"""

>         A brief summary of the function.

Reviewer: Good point 👍🏾
I lean towards omitting the "though" ...though
Sounds a bit casual/seems unnecessary?

        A longer description of the function. This can include references
        to literature [1]_, websites, and other code elements such as
        functions (:py:func:`pvlib.location.lookup_altitude`) and
        classes (:py:class:`pvlib.location.Location`).

>         .. versionadded:: 0.0.1

Reviewer 2: Can we add a sentence/[link](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/directives.html#describing-changes-between-versions) here and maybe also namedrop the other options, e.g., versionchanged, deprecated, and versionremoved

        .. note:: This docstring is a template.

        .. warning:: Code body is not included in this example!

        Parameters
        ----------
        poa_global : numeric
            Plane-of-array global irradiance, see :term:`poa_global`. [Wm⁻²].
        exponents : array-like
            A list of exponents. [x⁰¹²³⁴⁵⁶⁷⁸⁹⁺⁻].
        degree_symbol : numeric
            It's different from superscript zero. [°].

>         default_arg : string, default ``'someval'``.
>             Text enclosed in double backticks mean code formatting.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        default_arg_1 : string, default ``'someval'``.
            Text enclosed in double backticks mean code formatting.
        time_ref : string, {'UT', 'TST'}, default: 'UT'
            'UT' (universal time) or 'TST' (True Solar Time)
```
How about adding one where there is a set of values you need to choose from?

Author: That has never been a standard in pvlib, right? I've usually found the possible values listed in the param description body. Don't get me wrong, I'd love pvlib to have that + type annotations with the possible values. My only remarks are the length when there is a longer list of items and the colon, I find `:` is visual noise.

```suggestion
        default_arg_1 : string, default ``'someval'``.
            Text enclosed in double backticks mean code formatting.
        time_ref : ``'UT'`` or ``'TST'``, default ``'UT'``
            ``'UT'`` (universal time) or ``'TST'`` (True Solar Time)
```

Reviewer 3: Maybe not a standard, but it is used:

```python
pvlib-python/pvlib$ git grep ": {.*}, default"
iotools/pvgis.py:    pvtechchoice: {'crystSi', 'CIS', 'CdTe', 'Unknown'}, default: 'crystSi'
iotools/pvgis.py:    mountingplace: {'free', 'building'}, default: free
iotools/pvgis.py:    trackingtype: {0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5}, default: 0
iotools/solaranywhere.py:    time_resolution: {60, 30, 15, 5}, default: 60
iotools/solaranywhere.py:    spatial_resolution: {0.1, 0.01, 0.005}, default: 0.01
iotools/solaranywhere.py:    missing_data: {'Omit', 'FillAverage'}, default: 'FillAverage'
iotools/solargis.py:    timestamp_type : {'start', 'center', 'end'}, default: 'center'
pvsystem.py:    fill_method : {'ffill', 'bfill', 'nearest'}, default 'ffill'
```

        optional_arg : integer, optional
            A description of ``optional_arg``. [Unitless].

        Returns
        -------
        name : numeric
            A description of the return value.

        Raises
        ------
        ValueError
            If ``poa_global`` is negative.
        KeyError
            If ``default_arg`` does not exist.

        Notes
        -----
        This section can include additional information about the function.

        For example, an equation using LaTeX markup:

        .. math::

            a = \left(\frac{b}{c}\right)^2

>         where :math:`a` is the result of the equation, :math:`b` and :math:`c`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        where :math:`a` is the result of the equation, and :math:`b` and :math:`c`
```

        are inputs.

>         Or a figure with a caption:

Reviewer: Is it worth adding somewhere where such figures should be stored in the pvlib directory?

Author: I think that is intuitive enough if you see the repo layout and that most of the time us contributors copy&paste from other places. Feel free to weight in 👀

        .. figure:: ../../_images/pvlib_logo_horiz.png
            :scale: 10%
            :alt: alternate text
            :align: center

            Figure caption.

        See Also
        --------
        pvlib.location.lookup_altitude
        pvlib.location.Location

        Examples
        --------
        >>> example_function(1, 1, 1)
        'None'

        References
        ----------
        A IEEE citation to a relevant reference. You may use an automatic
        citation generator to format the citation correctly.

        .. [1] Anderson, K., Hansen, C., Holmgren, W., Jensen, A., Mikofski, M.,
        and Driesse, A. “pvlib python: 2023 project update.” Journal of Open
        Source Software, 8(92), 5994, (2023). :doi:`10.21105/joss.05994`.
        """
        return "None"

> A preview on how this would render in the documentation can be seen in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A preview of how this docstring would render in the documentation can be seen in the
```

        .. math::

            a = \left(\frac{b}{c}\right)^2

        where :math:`a` is the result of the equation, and :math:`b` and :math:`c`
        are inputs.

        Or a figure with a caption:

        .. figure:: ../../_images/pvlib_logo_horiz.png
            :scale: 10%
            :alt: alternate text
            :align: center

            Figure caption.

        See Also
        --------
        pvlib.location.lookup_altitude, pvlib.location.Location

        Examples
        --------
        >>> example_function(1, 1, 1)
        'Something'

        References
        ----------
        A IEEE citation to a relevant reference. You may use an automatic
        citation generator to format the citation correctly.

        .. [1] Anderson, K., Hansen, C., Holmgren, W., Jensen, A., Mikofski, M.,
           and Driesse, A. "pvlib python: 2023 project update." Journal of Open
           Source Software, 8(92), 5994, (2023). :doi:`10.21105/joss.05994`.
        .. [2] J. Smith and J. Doe. "Obama inaugurated as President." CNN.com.
           Accessed: Feb. 1, 2009. [Online.]
           Available: http://www.cnn.com/POLITICS/01/21/obama_inaugurated/index.html

>         """

Author: I think I don't understand you. Print statements are discouraged in the contributing guidelines ([source](https://github.com/pvlib/pvlib-python/blob/c52e600b996733a4a3371623a3784ccda5667e68/docs/sphinx/source/contributing/style_guide.rst?plain=1#L28C1-L30C1)) so I wouldn't add any of them. What currently gets printed in the docstring example is the result if it gets run in an interactive shell.

>         """

Reviewer 2: I think Ioannis was just missing one line of code.

I agree with @echedey-ls though, that it shouldn't be a print statement. I've left a simple suggestion.

>         """

Reviewer 4: Yes, that is what I meant (though I admit I was not aware that we discourage print statements, so thanks for that). I am fine with the code @AdamRJensen added below!

        where :math:`a` is the result of the equation, and :math:`b` and :math:`c`
        are inputs.

        Or a figure with a caption:

        .. figure:: ../../_images/pvlib_logo_horiz.png
            :scale: 10%
            :alt: alternate text
            :align: center

            Figure caption.

        See Also
        --------
        pvlib.location.lookup_altitude, pvlib.location.Location

        Examples
        --------
        >>> example_function(1, 1, pd.Series([1]), "TST", 2)
        'Something'

        References
        ----------
        A IEEE citation to a relevant reference. You may use an automatic
        citation generator to format the citation correctly.

        .. [1] Anderson, K., Hansen, C., Holmgren, W., Jensen, A., Mikofski, M.,
           and Driesse, A. "pvlib python: 2023 project update." Journal of Open
           Source Software, 8(92), 5994, (2023). :doi:`10.21105/joss.05994`.
        .. [2] J. Smith and J. Doe. "Obama inaugurated as President." CNN.com.
           Accessed: Feb. 1, 2009. [Online.]
           Available: http://www.cnn.com/POLITICS/01/21/obama_inaugurated/index.html
        """

>         return "Something"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        a = 'some'
        b = 'thing'
        return a + b
```

Reviewer 2: I think it was something like this @IoannisSifnaios was looking for.

            Figure caption.

        See Also
        --------
        pvlib.location.lookup_altitude, pvlib.location.Location

        Examples
        --------
        >>> example_function(1, 1, pd.Series([1]), "TST", 2)
        'Something'

        References
        ----------
        A IEEE citation to a relevant reference. You may use an automatic
        citation generator to format the citation correctly.

        .. [1] Anderson, K., Hansen, C., Holmgren, W., Jensen, A., Mikofski, M.,
           and Driesse, A. "pvlib python: 2023 project update." Journal of Open
           Source Software, 8(92), 5994, (2023). :doi:`10.21105/joss.05994`.
        .. [2] J. Smith and J. Doe. "Obama inaugurated as President." CNN.com.
           Accessed: Feb. 1, 2009. [Online.]
           Available: http://www.cnn.com/POLITICS/01/21/obama_inaugurated/index.html
        """
        a = "Some"
        b = "thing"
        return a + b

A preview of how this docstring would render in the documentation can be seen in the
following file: :download:`Example docstring<../_images/example_function_screenshot.png>`.

Remember that to show the docstring in the documentation, you must list

> the function in the appropriate ``.rst`` file in the ``docs/sphinx/source/reference`` file.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
the function in the appropriate ``.rst`` file in the ``docs/sphinx/source/reference`` folder.
```
